Sweetheart,
No one bring so much happiness to my life as you. In your company, I find love that I have never known before. I can’t imagine what my life would be without you. I want to spend the rest of my life with you.
You have given me so much love and encouragement that I don’t think I will be able to return all that to you. You have been lighting up the dark and bringing joy to my heart. When I am with you I feel alive and strong.
Yours,
Love of my life,
I cannot believe another year has passed. It feels like we just met yesterday, but at the same time it feels like I have known you all my life. You make time meaningless. In fact, you make everything else feel meaningless because the only thing that matters is you. You have brought so much light into my life. I would be lost without your torch. Thank you for everything you have done for me — and thank you for helping me grow into the woman I have become.
Dear,
Every time I see your name pop on my screen, I can’t help but grin. You have really touched my heart, and you make every day brighter with your comments, thoughts, opinions and the way you share them all with me. I wonder if we could talk like that in person – share those thoughts, that laughter and that fun together. The truth is, I think I’m falling in love with you, and if you feel the same way, I think we should get together and see where this relationship goes.
Hopefully more than your friend
Honey, you know with you by my side, my day seems happier and full of love. When I heard that you never felt so much in love, I just wanted to be with you, to hug and kiss you until we both ran out of breath. I must be the luckiest girl in the world because I have your love. Every time I think about you, I can’t help but smile. You’re the reason I smile all the time now. I love you, Honey. I heard that you cherish everything between you and me. That’s really great. I never thought I would have such a lasting influence on you.
Sweet love letters to write to someone you love
With the help of sweet love letters, you can say so much to someone you love – to thank him or her for having appeared in your life and made it better and more colorful; to share pleasant and beautiful memories; to express your affection, warmth and care. This is a reason to touch your loved one and to get a few more words in response. Words of love.

Beloved,
The moment that I first saw you, you were standing in the middle of the crowd, laughing and talking to a friend. There was something about you, maybe it was in the way you laughed or the way your eyes lit up, and I knew that there was this undeniable attraction that I felt for you. I was shy, nervous and I hesitated just a little bit when I asked you to dance with me. We were strangers and, when you said yes, I swear my heart skipped a beat. Ever since that night, I have known that we were destined to be together and not a day goes by when your love does not prove me right. I love you, much more that you can imagine, and I just want you to stay mine forever.
To my forever person,
I love us. We’re the cutest. I know that sounds braggy, but I mean it when I say that I think we make the perfect couple. We understand each other. We listen to each other. We inspire each other to become stronger with each passing day. Happy anniversary. I cannot wait to spend another year alongside you, because there is no place I would rather be. You’re stuck with me. You better remember that!
I know I am bad at expressing my love but I so want to do this. You have changed me for real. You have changed something inside me, I don’t think I was used to this before I met you. I was so lost in my thoughts, you have made me realized the power of my thoughts. You have had the most magical affect on my life. When I am with you I don’t think about anything else, but your love. I want to truly confess my love to you, you have been the most important part of my life and will remain in time. I truly love you!
The best love letters of all time
You don’t need to wait for a special occasion or right time to do something romantic. Make a surprise for your loved one! For example, you can send a letter through postal service put a letter under the pillow, in the closet or on the plate during dinner or breakfast. With the help of the best love letters, every day can be made special.

What we have together is unique. It is a special bond that is strong and unbreakable. We can make it through anything we encounter and we only grow stronger from the trials we face together. Together, we are strong. Being with you has made me a better person and I can’t believe that I found you. Ever since I met you, I never want to let you go. The attraction that you and I share is one that is so intense and I never want to be separated from you.
I need you, my fairy-tale. Because you are the only person I can talk with about the shade of a cloud, about the song of a thought — and about how, when I went out to work today and looked a tall sunflower in the face, it smiled at me with all of its seeds.
Though still in bed, my thoughts go out to you, my Immortal Beloved, Be calm – love me – today – yesterday – what tearful longings for you – you – you – my life – my all–farewell. Oh continue to love me – never misjudge the most faithful heart of your beloved. Ever thine. Ever mine. Ever ours.
Old love letters
You may think that writing a love letter is very difficult, but believe us, it’s not. All you need to write a great love letter is a bit of inspiration. We have found for you the perfect love letters of famous people that will surely inspire you!

“Since I left you, I have been constantly depressed. My happiness is to be near you. Incessantly I live over in my memory your caresses, your tears, your affectionate solicitude. Your charms kindle continually a burning and a glowing flame in my heart. When, free from all solicitude, all harassing care, shall I be able to pass all my time with you, having only to love you, and to think only of the happiness of so saying, and of proving it to you?”
Napoleon
“Nothing compares to your hands, nothing like the green-gold of your eyes. My body is filled with you for days and days. You are the mirror of the night. The violent flash of lightning. The dampness of the earth. The hollow of your armpits is my shelter. My fingers touch your blood. All my joy is to feel life spring from your flower-fountain that mine keeps to fill all the paths of my nerves which are yours.”
Frida Kahlo
“Everyone is furious with me for going back to you, but they don’t understand us. I feel that it is only with you that I can do anything at all. Do remake my ruined life for me, and then our friendship and love will have a different meaning to the world. I wish that when we met at Rouen we had not parted at all. There are such wide abysses now of space and land between us. But we love each other.”
Oscar Wilde
How much I love you letters
In the era of text messages and hasty e-mail, “I love you” letters, especially handwritten ones, can be considered a rare and special gift. Believe us, your sweetheart will appreciate this gift and will reread the lines of your message filled with love and tenderness for a long time.

You have no idea how you’ve changed my life. I used to feel so alone and afraid in this world. I didn’t believe I could find someone who could truly love me for who I am. I never thought that I could find that one person who can revive my faith in everything. And yet here you are, the pillar of strength that keeps me going, the light that guides me towards a better future. You can’t imagine how much of an impact you’ve made in my life. I can only hope to do the same for you. I want to be that person for you if you’d let me. I love you so much that I won’t stop until I’ve made sure that you’re the happiest man on earth.
To my soulmate,
I love you. I love you. I love you. I can never say those three words enough and unfortunately I feel like you haven’t heard them at all lately. I’m sorry about that. I’ve been so overwhelmed with work that I haven’t had the time to give you much attention, but that will change soon. You know why? Because I love you. I love you. I love you.
Darling dearest,
I tell you how much I love you all the time, but I never really explain why I feel that way, so I’m going to do that now. I love the way your voice sounds when you say my name. I love the way your smile tilts when you’re trying not to laugh. I love the way your kisses feel against my neck. I love the way your voice sounds, even if you hate it. I love the man you were when I met you and I love the man I can see you growing into. I love every version of you. I love every messy piece.
